blood doping no man blood doping is so
last week
all the cool athletes are using deer
antler spray now I'm Anthony this is
dnews and apparently there's this whole
big controversy going on because Ray
Lewis the linebacker for the Baltimore
Ravens killed Bambi's mother and
liquefied er or something the allegation
is that Lewis is using a spray made from
deer antlers to get over a tricep injury
which isn't just the weirdest accusation
ever it's apparently also banned by the
NFL the spray is made from the extract
of New Zealand red deer antler velvet
now red deer antlers grow very quickly
because they're full of this hormone
called igf-1 and igf-1 is a banned
performance-enhancing drug the company
that makes the spray says that there
shouldn't be an issue because it's a
natural substance that's been used in
Chinese medicine for thousands of years
now a lot of animal parts are renowned
for their health benefits but that stuff
is mostly just cultural superstition
take for instance Tiger penis which is
supposed to enhance virility cure
erectile dysfunction and serve as an
aphrodisiac now there's no scientific
evidence to prove that at all but I will
say this if I caught a tiger took its
penis and live to tell about it
I'd feel pretty virile rhino horn is
another similarly sought-after substance
that is supposed to do everything from
treating fever to curing snake bites
stopping hallucinations and relieving
the effects of food poisoning once again
no science behind this it's just
something people have believed forever
so is deerhorn
just another folk remedy after all Ray
Lewis didn't test positive for igf-1 so
could it just be more superstition maybe
maybe not a US study took 32 male weight
lifters and gave half of them deer
antler spray and half of them opal SIBO
the ones with the actual spray saw an
increase of 4% of their maximum
benchpress weight and 10.1% of their
squat thrust weights they also had a
significant improvement in aerobic
capacity according to the study so maybe
it is a performance enhancer then again
Lewis's speedy recovery could be due to
one of the other scientifically sound
treat
he's using supposedly in addition to the
deer antler spray he was prescribed
holographic stickers and a beam ray
light to point at his tricep there is no
word yet on whether he's burning sage or
rubbing crystals on his underarms by the
way if you want to try out deer antler
spray for yourself and this is not
something that we condone because it
does not have enough testing behind it
you can grab it on Amazon for about 30
bucks should this stuff be banned in the
NFL do you think it is a legitimate
performance-enhancing drug or is it just
a load of Tiger penis let me know and
subscribe for more dnews Tiger penis
because how often am I gonna get to say
Tiger penis one more time
Tiger penis